{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww30900\viewh9660\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
# Title of Dataset:\
---\
\
Brief summary of dataset contents, contextualized in experimental procedures and results.\
\
\
## Description of the Data and file structure\
\
This is a csv file that contains all the raw data used in this study. Here is the key to all of the columns:\
\
ScrSubjectID: Unique ID assigned to each study participant (scrambled to protect subject identity). \
\
Days from Round1 Day1: Number of days from the start of the interventions. Day 1 is the first day of the intervention Some participants received their Whoop straps earlier than the start of the intervention and thus started recording data passively. \
\
Round 1 Exercise: Participant\'92s assigned intervention. Note the nomenclature is slightly different than the manuscript. Super Oxygenation = Cyclic Hyperventilation with Retention. Slow Breathing = Cyclic Sighing\
\
PrePANAS Positive Affect: PANAS Pos Affect score collected before the intervention on each day. \
\
PrePANAS Negative Affect: PANAS Neg Affect score collected before the intervention on each day. \
\
Post PANAS Positive Affect: PANAS Pos Affect score collected after the intervention on each day. \
\
Post PANAS Negative Affect: PANAS Neg Affect score collected after the intervention on each day. \
\
PreSTAI State Anxiety:STAI State Anxiety score collected before the intervention on each day. \
\
Post STAI State Anxiety:  STAI State Anxiety score collected after the intervention on each day. \
\
BW Exercise Minutes (timer): Number of minutes participants spent doing the intervention. \
\
Did you complete BW exercises?: This was implemented halfway into the study as a text message to encourage participation. This was not used in any data analysis. 1= yes 0 = no.\
\
Sleep Q Score: Promis Sleep Related Day time disturbance raw score. This was collected at baseline and at the end of the 28 days. \
\
Full STAI State Anxiety: STAI (State) collected as baseline and at the end of the 28 days. \
\
Full STAI Trait Anxiety: STAI (Trait) collected as baseline and at the end of the 28 days. \
\
RHR: Resting Heart Rate. Collected daily from the Whoop band. \
\
HRV: Heart Rate Variability:Collected daily from the Whoop band. \
\
Recovery: Collected daily from the Whoop band. Not used in this study. \
\
Sleep Score: Collected daily from the Whoop band. \
\
Hours of Sleep: Collected daily from the Whoop band. \
\
Sleep Efficiency:Collected daily from the Whoop band. \
\
Respiration Rate:Collected daily from the Whoop band. \
\
Sleep T score: PROMIS sleep related impairment T score. https://staging.healthmeasures.net/images/PROMIS/manuals/PROMIS_Sleep-Related_Impairment_Scoring_Manual.pdf\
\
Overall how easy was it to use the instructions/videos for doing the intervention?: Optional debrief survey question\
\
Overall, how easy was it to do the daily intervention?: Optional debrief survey question\
\
subjective experience: grounding: Optional debrief survey question\
\
subjective experience: focusing: Optional debrief survey question\
\
subjective experience: calming: Optional debrief survey question\
\
subjective experience: energizing: Optional debrief survey question\
\
subjective experience: brief and simple: Optional debrief survey question\
\
subjective experience: other positive: Optional debrief survey question\
\
subjective experience: some challenges: Optional debrief survey question\cf3 \
}